[Music]
there's so
it's many
[Applause]
hey everyone welcome back to my channel
we are going to be filming
another asking college boys questions
girls aren't you afraid to ask we have
some of the same people from the last
video
as well as some new faces
so we're gonna go through and introduce
everyone and then we'll go ahead
and someone with questions underscore
elliot spencer
sam jerkin and on my instagram
[Laughter]
daddy
[Applause]
do you guys like having girl best
friends as much as you like having guy
best friends
the boys are the boys the girls are not
the boys
that's all you need to know what'd you
guys date someone you grew up with
yeah yeah
what hair color do you prefer this is
like a personal preference yeah
yeah i don't know except
[Music]
what is something that boys find
annoying in a girl when they play too
hard again when they get super down on
themselves not so much
exact quote i don't have any friends
you're literally hanging out
when they're always just like i'm not
pretty enough i'm like shut
[Music]
i feel like there's
have you guys ever asked a girl out out
of pink no no
you lying never thinking about me
yeah wait what's your school dance
oh yeah god you don't have to go out
today but if they ask you
you say yes are you turned off if a girl
wants to take it slow
no no
i don't know any other speed
[Music]
does acne repel guys
i mean no because that's something you
can fix like last week we talked about
hygiene and
obviously i know some people have it
like despite how well they take care of
themselves and it's temporary
yeah exactly that's what i mean it's not
like that's how it looks forever
as dean always says it's not an offer
do you date to potentially marry or do
you date just have fun
i date potentially married
everyone go follow his girlfriend
right here what's the point of david
just dating for fun
it's just like yeah because then you're
like you're i don't know
do you have something to say
mark's a fun guy here's his
[Music]
like he makes a comment do you guys
think that girls with strong opinions
are attractive
i mean what are you doing this yeah
see but i feel like girls struggle with
those opinions
but like there are some people that are
very passionate like politically or like
[Music]
dude you should have heard our
mandalorian bars
[Music]
yeah if you're
[Applause]
is
the girl asked you to do something and
you're playing video games okay
what are you doing staying with the boys
do guys make up scenarios with their
crush oh yeah 100
100 for sure what type scenario are you
talking about
anything like you literally think oh
you're like overthinking
like when you're sitting they said
specifically before sleeping
which is last night
can you explain the scenario and what
you're thinking about yeah no anyways
it was
right here no it was really sad and i
was in a sad mood so i'm not gonna talk
about it
they ask you how you are you just have
to say that you're fine when you're not
really fine
tucker no stop no
it's okay we're here for you canary's
like almost like daydreaming about like
oh wow this is gonna happen yeah what
could have been
your butt could be yeah yeah like when
my third child
can't relax and ask my wife you gotta
have me like that
go hang out yeah my wife is like no go
outside
and then they come to you and you say
don't go
i know mommy can i i go dad can i do
this he goes
oh go ask mom i'm like i just just did
nothing
he's like okay okay
he's like what did dad say no you know
what i'm just done you got him with the
elite move where you're like
oh mom was just checking if you were
okay with it
[Music]
do you like when girls dress modestly
are you prefer modesty
does it matter modest is hottest
sponsored by efy
how they dress like a different
attraction you're attracted to them like
in a different way so it's like yeah
it's like you're still like attracting
girls or like just
honestly no but it's like a modest
girl's like we did to like be married
and like they're looking for wives
well the way they dress is what they're
like personality kind of reflects
you don't want to marry someone who
dresses promiscuously
i don't judge whoa wow that was a that
was a really good made-up word
[Music]
[Applause]
you have to specify that's true yeah
when you tell them that then they never
thought
against operations
do you guys actually enjoy cuddling oh
yes yeah
yes
[Music]
the whole time you're killing i don't
want to do this
do you usually like girls who are
introverted or extroverted extroverted
she talks to everyone at the party it's
kind of like that's true
well i think it's just but then it makes
you feel better it makes you feel extra
good
it's like thanks she got all these
shotties but like i'm the one
you got all of these shots but i'm the
one
no they're those those extroverted girls
that get you because like they're locked
in like super hard your jokes
and you're like damn she can't ask me
you're your best self and you have no
worries and then it all goes good
first date dates that's true i don't
like i don't like blowing first dates
and make your intentions clear
that's so true like you got so much
communication issues
they ask you how you are you just have
to say that you're fine i'm serious like
it's true everyone somebody everyone
here
i really want you to call me back
be yourself i know that's cheesy but
like no straight up if you be yourself
and they don't like you then it's on
them
just have fun dating's supposed to be
fun if you don't vibe then you don't buy
it
what is the most unattractive thing a
girl can do
yeah i think really cocky girls are
unattractive i think it's good to
be confident obviously we talked about
that in the last one that's attractive
but when all they do is like talk about
how great they are everything it's like
that's true
or fish for compliments because i'll
compliment you at all you just don't
have to
make me fish you know the confident girl
that just looks like she's too cool to
be eating
that's like yeah wait
is it
[Music]
do you rate girls when you're talking
about them to each other
i use a 0 out of 10 scale for everything
i'm like wait did you not know that yeah
oh yeah like be honest in your
conversations
like when you're talking about like i am
confusion
yeah we're not like solid steady yeah
we don't like tbh rate date instagram
2005.
these games are super cute rate seven
date
i don't really know did you ever get
those
tucker only rates from beautiful to
gorgeous
here's my hat here's the video of
joffin shooting with the perception
right
what are your guys's thoughts on stretch
marks what do you know
because that's something that girls are
insecure about yeah so they worry that
guys are like
yeah okay well you know we don't see
them so even if we did it's not like
yeah it's not a good idea yeah we
wouldn't care
opinions and thoughts on girls wearing
makeup i don't know and like do you
notice certain
i don't know makeup so i don't know you
can dump your toe when they get ready
and like put makeup on yeah like there's
other times we're not just like
you can't tell well me and sam talk
about this a lot actually
i'll have to explain what that means
don't think about it too much you know
don't really wear makeup too much you
know because like
you i feel like yeah i'm like
when you put too much makeup on that's
unattractive you know
so just use it to enhance your natural
beauty instead of yeah yeah covering it
up
you'll look good what's the ideal girl
look like for you guys
that's let's describe
the one i have now
you can answer what are what are major
things that you guys look for in a girl
physical
physical change for everything
what are your top three dreams
girlfriends
go to church
well honestly one is probably like
entire mom like if i can see that
what did he say what is that she goes
and gets stuff
done she takes care of the kids he's
looking for a whole wide timing
hard worker work ethic is a big one i
like that like just go for it
emotionally like stability yeah
they're emotionally stable so after
jonathan describes this
girl with a sense of humor yes whenever
i'm looking for a girl like i'm looking
for like a best friend too
yeah yeah exactly my best friend's gonna
be able to joke with them take a seat
three um who's ready got
[Applause]
it's just like if i hang out with them
and i vibe with them and like we just
hit it off then it's like yeah that's
cool but it's like what
leads to having those feelings of yeah i
want to progress this like what stands
out to you that makes you say yeah
this is why i'm going out this way wow
well there's so many there's there
really is just like just like a funny
confidence
like when a girl just comes up to you
and just gives you a hug just out of
nowhere
it's amazing
attractive but attractive is different
to everyone yeah
exactly
sam durkin thinks i don't yeah if you
catch me on my instagram i just talk
about my thoughts
he's an immigrant
[Laughter]
and i would add like someone who's not
like a pushover somebody like tells me
like i'm wrong if i'm wrong
oh yeah yeah with everything i want to
do yeah yeah
which is kind of confidence i guess okay
which kind of like what kind of outfits
do you like on girls
the most like what kind of style messy
i'm not going to say
if you lose it on you if we can do it if
it looks good it looks good wait we're
trying to oversize though
oversized sweatshirts
messy buns glasses
good like our cameraman would you be
willing to change your religion slash
beliefs because of a girl you really
like
no no no
no no no no no there's a big fat x for
me
sorry
yeah that's so important to me do you
believe in love at first sight that's a
tricky one
yes well last week we were walking
through liberty
we were traveling for a volleyball game
gotta go over sam jerky just googly eyes
left and right
oh yeah here's the thanks director
i know like personally like in high
school like especially when i was
younger it was like the infatuation
getting caught up in like this idea of
someone
because the attraction was like oh my
gosh you're so amazing but you don't
actually know who they are you know
yeah exactly
the honey but it's not even that's not
good
you create this idea this perfect image
of who you want them to be
because like when your friends like talk
about someone like a time
like complimentary like you like the
idea of them even more now
you almost even want to do it for your
friends that's called max why are you
talking about me
i'm
is it a good idea to kiss on the first
date if it's there it's there
you know you know
[Music]
it's like your first date but it's like
because you don't even know then yeah
but it's bad yeah but like
if it's like a super great night and
you're just like you're just vibing
you can't get your first time okay yeah
like if you know each other yeah then
it's different but like the first
meeting like impressions blind date in
your job
no yeah
you know what i say confidence
i mean i don't yeah i agree with that
then what are your questions it's your
first date
and it's going great and it's like been
a pretty long day like
you feel like it's pretty good that's
literally like the basis
of like of them like you feel like you
understand them decently well
[Music]
and you were pissed
call someone and does like why calling
him to facetime them
why text me it's like facetiming well
texting is just the worst
facebook it is yeah do you ever read
your own text and you're like
yeah yeah oh my gosh
but then there's also sometimes that
you're like you say something in person
and you're like oh i wish i was gonna
over text you that made so much more
sense
like maybe it's just me because i'm not
good at explaining words
sometimes i say things i'm like oh i'm
not opposite i'm like i say something
over text i'm like i definitely should
have just said that in person
does height matter yes like i said so
in what like yeah like what what type
matters actually
like not taller than you yes
yeah basically i prefer taller girls but
it's not like
i look for yeah it's like if she's
taller yeah yeah i don't even i like
tall girls but not if they're
taller they're like an inch tall it's
like
if you can't talk it makes me feel like
a child
it's like way to go it's a subway and
you want a sandwich and they give you a
bag of chips for free
you weren't really looking for it but
that was a
wow that was such a good analogy it was
good
that's
does that mean you like tall girls over
short girls no
so what are you saying any height any
height below me through me
specifically
it's for everybody because you're five
ten it's like it's like
our kids are gonna be your goodbyes
no that's it that's it that's it thank
you all so much for being
in the video today thank you for
watching everyone we hope you enjoyed it
and maybe we'll see you in another until
next time
like and subscribe let's all say bye
guys
on three one two three bye guys
[Music]